README.md, before:

# Chrome Extension

## Installation and launch

1. Download zip-archive
2. Unpack zip-archive
3. Upload it in Google Chrome Extension Manager by click "Load unpacked" (need to turn on developer mode)

## Versions

v 1.4.17

-   When changing the list, the values of word lecID and stringID are saved

v 1.4.16

-   When a screenshot is taken, it is saved in a google table under Lec ID + .png and downloaded with the same name

v 1.4.15

-   Fixed function to paste text into the list 

v 1.4.14

-   Status selection adapted for word search by attributes
-   Fixed function to paste text into the list
-   Counter's counting process improved

v 1.4.11

-   Fixed import words from .txt file
-   Added additional button for better navigation
-   Main logo now redirects user to the main page

v 1.4.8

-   When you give a status to a row, it immediately sends it directly to the google table in the Status column

v 1.4.7

-   Google table synchronizes with the list every 15 minutes by id from the list updating the rows in it
-   Added button in popup.html to manually synchronize listings with google table
-   The setInterval function has been changed to chrome.alarms due to google chrome's limitation on setInterval

v 1.4.4

-   Word highlighting process optimized for faster and smoother user expirience

v 1.4.3

-   Extension searchs and highlights elements with expected values in attributes
-   Highlighting allows to show the expected line and highlighted item in a screenshot
-   Extension icon has a different counter indication for elements with strings in their attributes
-   The extension's user interface allows you to list items and attributes that should be in the search area

v 1.3.1

-   String ID, Core String and Status are taken from google sheet using AppScript
-   Note adds to steps column in google sheet

v 1.2.8

-   Contents of contentScript are separated into different module. File paths are updated
-   CSS separated from contentScript to a separate css file
-   Code is refactored. Asynchronous functions call optimised. Bugs are fixed

v 1.2.5

-   Added possibility to change the default screenshot name
-   Fixed a bug with highlighting a single word by using the input field

v 1.2.3

-   Fixed a bug with highlighting a deleted word from the list
-   Fixed a bug with screenshot and highlighting

v 1.2.1

-   Highlighting works on page loading and updating when extension is closed
-   Highlighting principle has been changed

v 1.1.5

-   About menu expanded

v 1.1.4

-   Status related bug in the update list menu is fixed
-   Submenu displays statuses accordingly

v 1.1.2

-   Added changelog
-   Highlighting works in iframe

Commit message:

updated the logic for making changes in google sheets

README.md, after:

# Chrome Extension

## Installation and launch

1. Download zip-archive
2. Unpack zip-archive
3. Upload it in Google Chrome Extension Manager by click "Load unpacked" (need to turn on developer mode)

## Versions

v 1.4.18

-   Updated the logic for making changes to the hum table using AppsScript

v 1.4.17

-   When changing the list, the values of word lecID and stringID are saved

v 1.4.16

-   When a screenshot is taken, it is saved in a google table under Lec ID + .png and downloaded with the same name

v 1.4.15

-   Fixed function to paste text into the list 

v 1.4.14

-   Status selection adapted for word search by attributes
-   Fixed function to paste text into the list
-   Counter's counting process improved

v 1.4.11

-   Fixed import words from .txt file
-   Added additional button for better navigation
-   Main logo now redirects user to the main page

v 1.4.8

-   When you give a status to a row, it immediately sends it directly to the google table in the Status column

v 1.4.7

-   Google table synchronizes with the list every 15 minutes by id from the list updating the rows in it
-   Added button in popup.html to manually synchronize listings with google table
-   The setInterval function has been changed to chrome.alarms due to google chrome's limitation on setInterval

v 1.4.4

-   Word highlighting process optimized for faster and smoother user expirience

v 1.4.3

-   Extension searchs and highlights elements with expected values in attributes
-   Highlighting allows to show the expected line and highlighted item in a screenshot
-   Extension icon has a different counter indication for elements with strings in their attributes
-   The extension's user interface allows you to list items and attributes that should be in the search area

v 1.3.1

-   String ID, Core String and Status are taken from google sheet using AppScript
-   Note adds to steps column in google sheet

v 1.2.8

-   Contents of contentScript are separated into different module. File paths are updated
-   CSS separated from contentScript to a separate css file
-   Code is refactored. Asynchronous functions call optimised. Bugs are fixed

v 1.2.5

-   Added possibility to change the default screenshot name
-   Fixed a bug with highlighting a single word by using the input field

v 1.2.3

-   Fixed a bug with highlighting a deleted word from the list
-   Fixed a bug with screenshot and highlighting

v 1.2.1

-   Highlighting works on page loading and updating when extension is closed
-   Highlighting principle has been changed

v 1.1.5

-   About menu expanded

v 1.1.4

-   Status related bug in the update list menu is fixed
-   Submenu displays statuses accordingly

v 1.1.2

-   Added changelog
-   Highlighting works in iframe
